say an airplane there is a plane noise
just scramble will yes it's
volunteer it's great
a turbine looks like a turbine so
there I am in traction
because I am in all electric it is
the front yeah but it's a car that
is long and wide and a ton a
worth 185 it's still going to have been optimized
also because otherwise there is
still the thermal of the electric
there are both technologies what happens
all the eight has the lowest center
of gravity of the history of the brand
we are on the ground we are no longer
Okay
and with two cars in one the lamb
as currently
and just now the wolves
doctor jekyll and mister hyde i'm going
return to the comfort mode that wants
automatically combine the type
okay but it combines that is to say it
turn on one or the other
yes not both at the same time that's it
I am electrical fittings the one who
manages you have voluntarily I'm going
accelerate a little bit harder they
want to start case okay the noise
is double at the the noise and work
I'm not waiting because 1 3 6 7 1
3 cylinders
it's a three-cylinder by a noise
with its shareholders so a huge
work at the exhaust level at these
standards
it looks like a v8 while this work on
the sets then walk on the bottom of
do their own button drive that's
all good we live from the habit
where is what we do not see
the head-up display the wii 2 series
you have that it's interesting
actually gathers everything we see
really well it's the limitation of the
everything I spent at will pass the camera but
in any case I see it well even we
all agree in the planes of
hunt have there his voice really clearly
and the sun does not bother it's true
it's impressive quality governed
is very far yes on the road
yes it looks like he's far on the
effective route of the shot it's not
really the same system as it is the
sets of orange and where is the sector
the same okay there is just the new
mini lsd ndolo series of assets tourer who
uses different technology with
the plexiglass that goes out hockey in all
the other bmw uses this technology
is exactly on jeanmonod already a little
liar that's the exit you have
present because I'm accelerating
offended a learned dosage of the pedal if
you want to try the mode all
electric you just press
stained glass
Why
we
do I really like dancing and
dashboards of the range where it's
all its blue borders that reminds in
is the custom
electrified
after
good grip
it
left chapter knife
Hello
the berlue
little noise the handing over to his generals of the
when we touch pallets
we stay in manual mode in fact it will be
it's up to you to pass the reports
yes because the lnah did not mount the
reports the passes
kalou and trends related to
technologies novelties in the ir
deficiency of full carton tooling and
we'll go back and make a U-turn
absolutely for change
in a garden
so here we have a vehicle
who costs how much you have 142 thousand euros
in the steering wheel between the parts
so do not break the 8
there is really no bowl gregory a
driving school follow a driving school with
a limit that's hard when you try
so when usa united 8 in a short way
and that you have a driving school in front of the
scene
this is not the 3 but adapts to
winners
you saw it would be too fat I was years old
it's quickly there when
we have to go 20 points with catches
its four-wheel drive but both
the helpers who intervene at the same
time we have the distribution to temptation
Gregory, it's with you that I have the most
want to vomit we tried right away
if not non-market work
lunar years
in fact with links still me I
thought it was the camera that
put the detect you can not you
to deceive with his was well there you are in
the limits one is voiceless
a little good we had a moment but
absolutely delicious with you 8 6 3
great it was great
thanks he just saw that our
vehicles provides pleasure and we have the
smile
actually for the e3 for all
days and so limit thanks to to bnp
paribas leasing
thank you for the welcome
rhenish company phrases are reported
concession in fact
it's really but pretty much